what's up guys I'm slow jam Knowles here
and today I'm REE bringing you a cheap
10 k naan we're a team build on NHL 15
hockey ultimate team the reason why I
did this is because not everybody can
afford to fill up their PSN wallets and
open up packs on a regular basis so what
I did is I put together the best non
rare players in my opinion that can
formulate a team for around 10k now all
these players you're going to see here
can be bought for 500 coins or less so
if you take that into account and you
buy every player for 500 coins and you
multiply that by 20 it will give you
exactly 10k so let's get started take
into account before i get started that
the lines are just put together in any
order you can do whatever you want or
your players may even vary from the
players that i show you what this is in
my opinion the best 20 non rare players
that you can find on the market so line
number one I have Clarke MacArthur david
Legwand and Michael Frolik at 86 87 and
87 skating respectively MacArthur with
great shooting stats at 86 then Legwand
and Frolik at 85 if you look at
macarthur he's also got great hands good
checking and very solid defending this
is a very good line to put together next
up you got Curtis Glencross Brandon
Sutter and Drew Stafford at 8685 and 85
skating all across the board if you look
at drew stafford he's got 85 everywhere
would you have to really take into
account now in NHL 15 is that the
overalls in the top left corner of the
player card don't mean as much as they
did in the past what you have to really
look at is these stats below the players
faces so Stafford is an overall 85 if
you take into account all the stats
where our stutters got 85 84 83 87 and
86 checking that is a perfect player
that you want to play center on your
team and glenn cross is another guy
balance between 86 and 85 up next you
got chris higgins mike santorelli and
Martin Erat had 85 86 and 84 skating
respectively erat is a very good and
very balanced player he's got 84 s
across the board except for is checking
but that is only normal because he does
have a small frame but he is quick and
can get by defenders then you got Chris
Higgins at 85 85 84 and 85 s to top it
off on checking and defense
which is very good for a third-line
player and finally a front you got nicks
balling Matthew Perrone Nikita kucherov
all very balanced and all have 85
skating there aren't many teams that you
will face non rare that have the overall
team speed around 85 86 next on defense
you got kyle quincey and jason demers
with 85 and 86 skating respectively with
85 and 85 checking and 84 and 85 for the
mercies are very good non rare stats
because if you look at all the best
defenses in the league their speed only
caps out at 90 and they're hit and
they're checking only caps out at night
but there are only a select few guys
that have that that overall up next you
got Tim Gleason and brawn at 86 and 86
skating those are very good defense and
skating stats for non rare players ok I
understand that they're shooting isn't
too where you wanted to but if you look
at their checking and defense it is
exactly where you want your player to be
so when you are controlling your forward
or your defenseman your other defenseman
will be in the right position at all
times and to top it off your final
defensive pairing is John Moore and
arista lineman misalignment does lack a
bit of skating but is checking is at 86
to run guys over and then you got 86 and
John more skating to make up for the
slowness of least aligning next I want
to show you in Nets we got Tim Thomas
and Ray Emery when I started playing
hockey ultimate team and I didn't have
money for packs right away I got Ray
Emery as a starter pack and he literally
made my record what it is today i am now
49 eight and three and my goalie was Ray
Emery for probably 40 of those 60 games
that I've played he is a very very
capable non rare goaltender and then I
put together also him with Tim Thomas
who's got similar stats with 84 85 85 84
85 to very balanced goalkeepers so that
is it for the 10k non rare team build
keep in mind that you know your results
may vary from mine you may find other
players that you like better than what
I've shown you but this is just to give
you an idea of the type of team you can
have for just 10 K and that'll be all
for today so leave me feedback in the
comments or even
right down the line up you have and
compare it to mine send me feedbacks and
the info send me whatever you want leave
a like if you like the video if it
helped you out slow jam nobes out